Fix bug for kraken2/bracken in multiqc (#616)
nf-core/taxprofiler: CHANGELOG.md

- [#602](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/600) Fixed a typo in the run-merging table example in usage.md (❤️ to @ilight1542 for reporting and fixed by @jfy133)
- [#592](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/592) improved JSON schema for better validation (by @microlei)
- [#604](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/604) KrakenUniq no longer fails due to pathname splitting during batching when only single sample supplied (by @AlexHoratio)

> - [#612](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/616) Fix bug for kraken2/bracken in multiqc (added by @jfy133)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#612](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/616) Fix bug  with bracken results being shown in MuktiQC for long read data every if bracken not supported for long reads (added by @jfy133 and @sofstam )
```
